To whom it may concern,

I am very interested in working for Etsy and believe I could be a strong asset to the company.
Over the course of my career I have worked on a diverse set of problems across the data
science and programming domains. At each job I’ve tried to help create and instill a culture of
learning, support and thoughtfulness, empowering those around me to do better, as well as
accomplishing my own tasks.

In my most recent experience at Elucd I built the core intellectual property at the company,
developed a pipeline for growing a strong and ethnically diverse technical team, and supported
the founders vision of growth. Since the goal at Elucd was to develop a data driven
organization, I taught the developers on the team statistics, usually while pairing on tasks or in a
lecture style format. As for the technical aspects of my job, I made use of deep learning to
create an demographically representative sentiment index score for law enforcement, similar to
a FICO credit score. The score generation included significant preprocessing, bootstrap
resampling, racial debiasing, and finally reweighting via a deep neural network, that accounted
for various biases from respondents.

At 18F I worked hard to develop a culture of learning. The level of statistical expertise across
the federal government tends to be a bit low. There are pockets of incredibly talented people,
but typically they aren’t very strong. In order to bring statistical thinking and data driven decision
making to the federal government at large, I would mentor coworkers in data science, so they
could bring those learnings to our clients. Additionally, I worked closely with my stakeholders
and team to teach them basic statistics. In order to help bring programming competency as
well, to the federal government, I taught an introductory Python class, which spanned 6 weeks
and is still available through youtube: ​https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8JtNRwy0cE​ From a
technical perspective, during this job I worked most heavily on CALC, a tool that helps the
federal government save money, by analyzing the hourly price of various kinds of contractors.
For that project I found a number of improvements to the platform which helped reduce an
estimated 2 billion dollars in federal spending. In addition, if the prototype improvements I
suggested are leveraged appropriately, another billion could be saved.

Finally, I’d like to touch on my work on the manhattan DAs office. During that job I not only
completely transformed the way my unit found and stopped human traffickers. I developed a
culture of learning that took the analysts employed from only being able to work with BI tools, to
creating a sustainable culture of learning, in which analysts programmed, taught each other,
and developed general tools across the DAs office.

I bring up each of these examples to provide evidence of my intention. I want to help grow
people at Etsy, to get stuff done and to help build capacity at the organization. After working
across a number of mediums and contexts, I believe I could make an impact here for many
years to come.
