NIH - Ken

The primary issue that Ken faces is staying up to speed with current technology.  He has a bio informatics background and is well versed in statistics and statistical programming.  An avid R user with some experience of python.  Ken works with medical data to understand disease.  

One of the challenges he mentioned was having a small team, that is somewhat under resourced.  

One of the other big challenges he mentioned was having trouble developing benchmarks and reliable metrics.

The third big challenge he mentioned was data storage - the samples he is testing will degrade over time, so figuring out a way to warehouse this data well can be a challenge.  He does have some data infrastructure in place and very good data dictionaries.  

Recommendation:

It seems like Ken and his team would benefit from training in creating benchmarks, training in new and current statistical techniques, such as modeling, data cleaning, data visualization, and deliverying value from data.

Treasure - Ben

Ben works for treasury.  His main project is prediction of regarding taxes.  I am having trouble recalling exactly what he was predicting.

The primary issue Ben is facing is around transitioning from a legacy operating system called VAX.  It's an OS that competed with Linux in the early 90's and is still in place today.  However, VAX support ends in 2018, so they are transitioning over to Red hat.  The IT team are primarily experts in VAX and are having trouble getting up to speed with Linux.  Apparently they've wiped the databases a few times while trying to transition to Redhat.  

Recommendation:

It seems like Ben could benefit from having some engineering support staff to aid in the transition to linux.  Additionally, he could benefit from training support for the system administrators and aid in negotiating with management - who consistently take the side of the VAX users because they have seniority.

Actions taken thus far:

I thanked both of them for attending my talk and for sharing their woes in government.  I told both that if they every wanted to chat about ways 18F could help them with their issues they should feel free to reach out.  I also asked if they'd be interested in doing a call while we gather user stories.  
