                                    Citibank Travel Card Approval
The purpose of this approval is for a supervisor to authorize an employee under his/her authority to apply for a
government travel card. This approval, along with a copy of the employee’s travel card training certificate, must
be forwarded to the regional or central office travel card coordinator where the employee is employed. Once this
approval and certificate are received, the coordinator will submit the online application procedures to the
employee to apply online for the travel card.

Note: Employees required to travel within 14 days and active duty military reservists with an open DOD
travel card MUST FAX a paper application (Form CB004.b), supervisory approval form, and training
certificate to the Office of Travel Policy and Charge Card Management to the secure fax number (202)
501-3261. To safeguard the applicant's personally identifiable information, DO NOT SEND VIA EMAIL.
                                                  A. PROCEDURES
1. Type in the Employee’s Name.

2. Select the appropriate region or central office from the drop-down menu next to the “Region/Central Office”
field.

3. Select the appropriate office from the drop-down menu next to the “SSO” field.

4. Type in the Supervisor Name and Title in the appropriate fields in the Supervisor Certification section.

5. After verifying that all fields are correct, make sure your GSA ID card is in the slot, and click on the “Digital
Signature” line to digitally sign the document.

6. When the Sign Document box appears, verify your name is correct as it appears and click on the “Sign” button.

If your name does not appear in the space next to digital verification information, click on the drop-down menu
next to the “Sign As:” heading at the top of the Sign Document box, select your name from the drop-down list
and then click the “Sign” button.

Note: If unable to digitally sign the document, please contact the IT Helpdesk for assistance. If the problem
persists, please print out the document, sign on the Digital Signature line in Section C, then scan and email to
your regional card coordinator.

7. You will next be prompted to save the document. Please assign a file name that identifies the employee who
the document is for (i.e., Citibank Travel Card Approval_John Doe.)

8. Enter your GSA ID PIN when prompted and click OK.

9. Your digital signature should now appear on the digital signature line of the document.

10. Close the document and e-mail it to the appropriate travel card coordinator for your region or central office.
                                           B. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
1. Employee Name:

2. Region/Central Office:

3. SSO:

                                         C. SUPERVISOR CERTIFICATION

1. Supervisor Name:

2. Supervisor Title:

3. Digital Signature:

I certify that I am the supervisor or other authorized official of the above employee and he/she has my permission
to apply for and receive a government travel card. I also certify that the employee has been informed of the
requirement to complete travel card training and to provide a copy of the completion certificate to their respective
card coordinator. This certificate must be received by the card coordinator before the application is processed.
